README.md, before:

#matgui

Matgui is a simple gui that aims to
* Be platform independent (linux, windows, mac, android, iphone/ipad)
* Have a minimal set of dependencies
* Easy to import in project
* Implement signals and slots to do callback
* Thread safe
* Super easy to build and used (compared to gtk, qt, ect)



example usage:


```
#include <iostream>

#include "application.h"
#include "window.h"
#include "button.h"
#include "draw.h"
#include "knobview.h"
#include "linearlayout.h"

using namespace MatGui;
using namespace std;

void callback(View::pointerArgument arg) {
	cout << "callback... x = " << arg.x << endl;
}

int main(int argc, char *argv[])
{
	Application app(argc, argv); //Initialize stuff

	auto window = new Window("matgui-demo"); //create the window

	auto button = new Button("button");
	auto button2 = new Button;
	auto knob = new KnobView;

	window.addChild(button);
	window.addChild(knob);
	window.addChild(button2);

	button->clicked.connect(callback); //callback to a function
	button2->clicked.connect(&app, &Application::quit); //A demo just to show how signals work

	app.mainLoop();
	
	//All views are automatically deleted when the containers are deleted

    return 0;
}
```



It is currently in early development phase, please contact me if you want more information if how to use it

Commit message:

Lots of enhancements and fixes
* Created PushControllerView and ToggleView
* Added shorthandnotation for Signal::emit
* Added functionality for views to remove themselves from parent layout
* Added demand for view-deletion to be made on the main/gui-thread to address multi-threading crashes

README.md, after:

#matgui

Matgui is a simple gui that aims to
* Be platform independent (linux, windows, mac, android, iphone/ipad)
* Have a minimal set of dependencies
* Easy to import in project
* Implement signals and slots to do callback
* Thread safe
* Super easy to build and used (compared to gtk, qt, ect)



Design
-------
Views have a property named parent. If this is set when the parent is deleted, the view will delete itself from its parent

Layout automatically sets the parent-property when a child view is added


example usage:
--------


```
#include <iostream>

#include "application.h"
#include "window.h"
#include "button.h"
#include "draw.h"
#include "knobview.h"
#include "linearlayout.h"

using namespace MatGui;
using namespace std;

void callback(View::pointerArgument arg) {
	cout << "callback... x = " << arg.x << endl;
}

int main(int argc, char *argv[])
{
	Application app(argc, argv); //Initialize stuff

	auto window = new Window("matgui-demo"); //create the window

	auto button = new Button("button");
	auto button2 = new Button;
	auto knob = new KnobView;

	window.addChild(button);
	window.addChild(knob);
	window.addChild(button2);

	button->clicked.connect(callback); //callback to a function
	button2->clicked.connect(&app, &Application::quit); //A demo just to show how signals work

	app.mainLoop();
	
	//All views are automatically deleted when the containers are deleted

    return 0;
}
```



It is currently in early development phase, please contact me if you want more information if how to use it
